>> Steve Kinney: The idea of background
agents is asynchronous remote agents and
cursor that can operate
in a remote environment.
So they're not running on your machine,
right?
Which does give us a few prerequisites,
which is in order for
them then to read and update your code.
Your code needs to be somewhere
it can read and update it, right?
Generally speaking, that place is GitHub.
How do they do what they do?
You clone a repository,
they clone the repository.
They work on a separate branch.
You can define stuff like the environment
and stuff along those lines,
which you can do in all these tools.
They work without direct supervision,
but they generate a pull request.
You can check in on them via a web app,
which you can also do.
All this stuff applies also
to OpenAI's codecs as well.
And because they're using a very
traditional git workflow,
you can very easily spin up
multiple of these, right?
Because they're just going to clone the
repo in their own separate environment,
do their thing and open up a pr, right?
So you can imagine if I opened up
four different chats in cursor in my
editor on one branch and said go for it,
they are going to crash into each other.
There's a science to this if one is
surgical about where you point them, but
it's not a good science.
Some use cases like I have predominantly
done it for this code based analysis and
documentation, particularly
full disclosure and honesty.
There are some days where
I get into the vibe and
then I have to go,
what happened here, right?
As it has created a lot of abstractions.
Even that one little demo we saw of the
agent earlier, it was subclassing errors,
which is actually really great and
something I didn't do all that often
until I actually saw it do it a bunch
of times because then you can say
instanceof it's great, you should do it.
But you can imagine on a large
enough feature, small things,
it's like over time,
it's little like proactive,
I'm gonna do this extra thing or this
little judgment calls tend to compound.
And I have definitely found myself in
places where I am laser focused on
one thing and I'm looking at that very
closely and I am not paying nearly
good enough attention to the little
ad libs it's doing on the side.
Like I had one situation
where I was just trying.
There's not great testing support for
Chrome extensions with Playwright.
And so I was very focused on getting
that working and did not realize and
I should have, if I followed my
own advice, which I Learned about
that advice through messing things
up royally, like repeatedly.
So I guess it's a chicken or
the egg issue,
realized that I had to blow everything
away and start fresh, right?
And like sometimes that was useful too
because like I did it all by hand after
that, but I knew the shape of what
I was doing and so I knocked it all
out arguably in the same amount of
time it took me to vibe it, right?
With like 10th of the line of code
that I completely understood.
And so do I regret that?
Cuz I've spent longer handcrafting
throwaway code before in my life too.
So yeah, the code analysis and
documentation though even.
And there were some patterns that I still
kept that branch around because there
are some things that I'm like, I'm
gonna take a few of those ideas, right?
And so like sometimes having to
explain to you, like I will say this,
I've said it before, I'll say it again.
Using it as a learning tool for either
a code basis that you want to figure out
how they work or sometimes, especially if
it's not your own, solely written by you.
Using any of these tools to
just go explain this to me is
an incredibly powerful tool.
Any kind of code wide chores and
maintenance of hey,
we're going to refactor this or
honestly I.
At temporal,
we did this partially with I think it
was Claude code Tailwind
three to tailwind four.
You know what I mean?
Alex had to have hand on keyboard for
a lot of that but
large swaths of just the tedium.
Right?
He was able to like find a way to
express what he wanted to do and
have done across the code base.
Predictable bug fixes or
design tweaks like hey, my favorite joke.
Because it's not really a joke.
I see it all the time.
Every time I hear a war
story from a front end team.
It took 25 pull requests to
change the color of a button.
I was like micro front ends?
And so for those things,
I guess automating all of those with
these agents would be good and
stuff along those lines I think
are great use cases for
this limits and considerations.
Again they use these max mode compatible
models so they are going to cost you.
You are not in the loop to hit
the escape key or cancel and
give it feedback and guidance.
You do need to turn off privacy
mode which I have the advantage of
previously working on
an open source project.
So there was no privacy anyway.
So I was never concerned
about those things other than
triggering it from either Git or Slack.
There is no API.
There's promises and illusions APIs.
But as an engineer, I know never to
trust estimates from engineers or
product managers because they're
trusting estimates from engineers.
So that's just a delusion of that.